Emit queryError event on malformed request (#423)
kuzzleio/sdk-javascript: doc/6/essentials/events/index.md

**Callback arguments:**

`@param {KuzzleError} error - Error details`

> `@param {object} request - Request that causing an error`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@param {object} request - Request that caused the error`
```
